now all the people gathered together as
one man in the open square that was in
front of the Watergate and they told
Ezra the scribe to bring the book of the
law of Moses which the Lord had
commanded Israel so Ezra the priest
brought the law before the Assembly of
men and women and all who could hear
with understanding on the first day of
the seventh month then he read from it
in the open square that was in front of
the water gate from morning until midday
before the men and women and those who
could understand and the ears of all the
people were attentive to the book of the
law so Ezra the scribe stood on a
platform of Ward which they had made for
the purpose and beside him at his right
hand stood Mattia Shima nao Uriah Hill
kaya and may asiye and at his left hand
padilla michelle malkin Heysham ash
Medina Zechariah and Miss Sholem and
Ezra opened the book in the sight of all
the people for he was standing above all
the people and when he opened it all the
people stood up
and Ezra blessed the Lord the Great God
then all the people answered while
lifting up their hands and they bowed
their heads and worshiped the Lord with
his faces to the ground also Jeshua
bainite share abaya Jamin Akkad shabath
i ho taiga may Asiya Kaleta Azariah
Chadha bad hainan pelea and the Levites
helped the people to understand the law
and the people stood in their place
so they read distinctly from the book in
the law of God and they gave the sense
and helped them to understand the
reading and Nehemiah who was the
governor
Ezra the priest inscribed and the
Levites who taught the people said to
all the people this day is holy to the
Lord your God do not mourn no we
for all the people wept when they heard
the words of the law go your way
eat the fat drink the sweet and send
portions to those for whom nothing is
prepared for this day is holy to our
Lord do not sorrow for the joy of the
Lord is your strength
so the Levites quieted all the people be
still for the day is holy
do not be grieved and all the people
went their way to eat and drink to send
portions and rejoice greatly because
they understood the words that were
declared to them now on the second day
the heads of the father's houses of all
the people with the priests and Levites
were gathered to Ezra the scribe in
order to understand the words of the law
and they found written in the law which
the Lord had commanded by Moses that the
children of Israel should dwell in
booths during the feast of the seventh
month and that they should announce and
proclaim in all their cities and in
Jerusalem saying go out to the mountain
and bring all of branches branches of
oil trees myrtle branches palm branches
and branches of leafy trees to make
booths as it is written then the people
went out and brought them and made
themselves booths each one on the roof
of his house or in their courtyards or
the courts of the house of God and in
the open square of the water gate and in
the open square of the gate of Ephraim
so the whole Assembly of those who had
returned from the captivity made booths
and sat under the booths for since the
days of Joshua the son of nun until that
day the children of Israel had not done
so and there was a very great gladness
also day by day from the first day until
the last day he read from the book of
the law of God
and they kept the feast seven days and
on the eighth day there was a sacred
assembly according to the prescribed
manner
[Music]
you